Excalidraw export (#2246)
excalidraw/excalidraw: CHANGELOG.md

> ## 2020-10-30

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## v0.1.0 (2020-10-30)(#2246 )
```

> - Added a package `@excalidraw/utils` to provide utilities functions

Reviewer: It's better to have changelog for `packages/utils` inside `packages/utils` because
1. The versions would be independently published so it's hard to find the log in the global changelog
2. If every package will have its own changelog it would be easier to scan through it.

If we had all packages version incremented when any change is made the global changelog would be better.

Author: Yes that a good idea, I will create a dedicated changelog :+1:

Author: Done: https://github.com/excalidraw/excalidraw/pull/2246/files#diff-9293e136acee2fa3acc146cbdc15b39c573e42bc4e3b14acb20aa461950265f8

> - Added a package `@excalidraw/utils` to provide utilities functions
>   (currently, `exportToBlob` and `exportToSvg` to export an Excalidraw diagram definition, respectively,
>   to a [Blob](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/Blob) and\*\*\*\*
>   to a [SVGElement](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/SVGElement)) #2246

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- First release of  `@excalidraw/utils` to provide utilities functions.
  Added `exportToBlob` and `exportToSvg` to export an Excalidraw diagram definition, respectively,
  to a [Blob](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/Blob) and\*\*\*\*
  to a [SVGElement](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/SVGElement
```
